
 
[Story]Piriri is a young and cheerful elf girl who lives in a forest village and works as a magical farmer. She grows various crops and plants with her special abilities and sells them to customers...But one day, her peaceful life is disrupted by a sinister force that threatens to destroy her home and everything she loves...Her mother asks her to do a very important errand for her: To deliver their orders of magical produce to the neighboring villages and faraway towns...Piriri is not very enthusiastic about this task, as she has to carry a heavy load of goods and travel through dangerous roads...But her mother makes her an offer she can't refuse:"If you do this for me, you'll be free to go out on a journey."Piriri has always dreamed of exploring the world beyond the forest and seeing new places and people. She loves adventure and excitement, and hates boredom and routine. The promise of freedom fills her with determination and motivation!She grabs her walking stick and puts on her backpack! She has courage in her heart and curiosity in her eyes!With a mix of anticipation and anxiety, she sets off on her first journey ever!She will face many challenges and obstacles along the way! She will have to deal with road accidents, towering walls, hostile enemies, and more!But nothing can stop this agile and clever girl! She will use her skills and wits to overcome any difficulty!She will also meet new friends who will join her adventure! A dragon girl who breathes fire and loves meat! A demon girl who casts spells and loves sweets!Together, they will have fun and thrilling experiences!They will also encounter many dangers that will test their bonds...But as long as they have rice, their favorite food, they will never give up!They can eat rice anytime, anywhere, to restore their energy and morale!For the magical farm, it's business as usual!\* 51 base CG[Game Tips]\* No levels!- Piriri and her friends don't need to level up. They only need food and water to be at their best.They have different preferences for food, and they will eat them automatically when they are hungry or thirsty.You can also use food items manually to heal them or boost their stats.\* I want to become strong!- You can increase your physical and magical power by consuming spirits. Spirits are special items that you can find or buy during your journey.\* Where do I get equipment?- You can make your own equipment in Piriri's room, or at machines that you can find in some towns.You need materials to craft equipment. The 3 main materials are "odds and ends", "cloth", and "sewing tools".You can get materials by defeating enemies, opening chests, breaking barrels, etc.\* Need more rice!- You can buy rice and other supplies at the taverns in each town. You can also find rice and other items in barrels, crates, pots, etc.\* I have no money...- You can earn money by helping out with the shop at home. You need to get stock for the warehouse from the fields or the storage room.Then you need to ring the bell during business hours to attract customers.You can sell your goods for a profit.\* I want money, but don't wanna work!- You can also get money by fighting enemies or monsters. They will drop coins or items that you can sell.\* I want more excitement!!- You can spice things up by farting. Press the [C] key to release some gas.It will lower your urge to pee or poop, but be careful:if you fart too much, you might leak something...\* Pose art on / off + on-screen informationYou can toggle the pose art of Piriri and her friends with the [A] and [D] keys. You can turn it off completely with the [Q] key.You can also toggle their skills with the same keys.On-screen information such as health bars, status effects, etc. can be toggled with the [PageUp] and [PageDown] keys.
 
**Download Zip →→→ [https://t.co/ePunxV7PA0](https://t.co/ePunxV7PA0)**


 8cf37b1e13
 
